Updated Reports page to add info about scheduled sending of reports (#67)
mautic/mautic-documentation: pages/15.Reports/docs.en.md

## Data Sources

Choose the data source appropriate to the report you want. Each data source has a different set of available columns, filters and graphs.

![](data-source.png)

> 

Author: Added Alt text to all images.

## Configuration

Each report can be customized to include the columns of choice. Filter data based on set criteria and/or set a specific order for the data.
In addition you can also group by and select different function operators to calculate fields. Note that when you select functions operators a totals row will be added to the report. This totals row will not be exported when selecting to export a report.

> ![](config.png)

Author: Added Alt text.

![The Data tab in the Edit Report window](config.png)

## Graphs

Some reports have graphs available. Select the graph desired from the left list - it will move to the right and will be part of the report.

![The Graphs tab in the Edit Report window](graphs.png)

## Dashboard Widget

Each graph of each report is made available as a widget on the dashboard allowing complete customization of the dashboard.

![The Add Widget window on the Dashboard](widget.png)

## Schedule

Enable or disable sending reports via email by using the toggle switch.

You can schedule emails to send reports to one or more email addresses. In the To field, enter a comma-separated list of email addresses and set the frequency of sending reports by choosing day, week, or month from the drop-down list.

![The Schedule tab in the Edit Report window](schedule.png)

To be able to send scheduled reports, the following cron command is required:

```
php /path/to/mautic/app/console mautic:reports:scheduler [--report=ID]
```
The `--report=ID` argument allows you to specify a report by ID if required. For more information, see [Cron jobs][cron-jobs].

> [cron-jobs]:</setup/cron-jobs>

Reviewer: We need a space here between the : and the < (see https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#formatting-the-second-part-of-the-link for reference).

Also, it is kinder to the reader if we send them direct to the appropriate part of the page using the heading anchors.

```suggestion
[cron-jobs]: </setup/cron-jobs#send-scheduled-reports>
```

Author: Noted these points about using macro links. I've updated the doc with your suggestion @RCheesley.

## Dashboard Widget

Each graph of each report is made available as a widget on the dashboard allowing complete customization of the dashboard.

> ![](widget.png)

Reviewer: As above re. alt text

Author: Added Alt text.

## Schedule

> Enable or disable sending reports via emails by using the toggle switch. You can schedule emails to send reports to one or more email address. In the To field, enter a comma-separated list of email addresses and set the frequency of sending reports by choosing day, week, or month from the drop-down list. To be able to schedule emails to send reports, run the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable or disable sending reports via email by using the toggle switch. 

You can schedule emails to send reports to one or more email addresses. In the To field, enter a comma-separated list of email addresses and set the frequency of sending reports by choosing day, week, or month from the drop-down list. 

To be able to send the scheduled reports, the following cron command is required - the argument allows you to specify a report by ID if required.
```

Author: Re-worked and moved the paras around. Please see if it looks fine now.

```
php /path/to/mautic/app/console mautic:reports:scheduler [--report=ID]
```

> 

Reviewer: You may wish to add a link here to the cron jobs page where they can get more information (using a link macro)

Author: Added a macro link to the cron jobs page.

Reviewer: I would recommend using something like `[cron-jobs]` for the name of the macro so that it is clear to someone reviewing this later where to find it being used on the page
